chore: dfx copy updates (#586)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/cli-reference/dfx-deploy.adoc

= dfx deploy

> Use the `+dfx deploy+` command to register, build, and deploy a dapp locally or on a specified network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `+dfx deploy+` command to register, build, and deploy a dapp on a local canister execution environment or on the Internet Computer blockchain.
```

Reviewer: L43: adapt as in the analogous case in one of the files above

> You can use the `+dfx deploy+` command to deploy all or specific canisters locally or on a specified network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `+dfx deploy+` command to deploy all or specific canisters locally or on the Internet Computer blockchain.
```

> For example, to deploy the `+hello+` project on the hypothetical `+ic-pubs+` network provider configured in the `+dfx.json+` configuration file, you can run the following command:

Reviewer: I'd omit this example
